Subversion
Prologue
A couple of childhood friends decide to meet up with each other as part of a reunion to patch up the distance that has grown between them after graduating school. They plan to meet up at an abandoned mansion they've looked up on the internet and collaboratively agree to show up even if they're swamped with busy schedules. The group heads toward the actual location site, which is situated in Sunflower Valley, a small town barely recognised by anyone. The path leading to their destination is a lushful green terrain, filled with shrubs and weeds, and surrounds the group with huge trees- barely leaving space for sunlight to hit them.
Dia: Are we there yet?
Kale: We're almost there. Shouldn't take longer than 5 minutes, at least that's what the GPS says...
Phoeb: You've been saying that for the past 2 hours now...and yet here we are.
Yuri: silent
Callisto: This sure is a tough walk huh.
Dia: It's hot, and I'm tired. Can't we take a break or something?
Sam: You're not the only one who's tired. Come on, let's go! We should be reaching there anytime soon.
After an exhausting walk through the dense forest, the group can finally make out the roof of a building that seems to resemble the mansion. They all sigh in relief and start rushing towards their destination, seeming to have forgotten about their previous exhaustion. They're all standing in front of the mansion, some in admiration, some in doubt, due to the condition it presents itself in.
Dia: Huh. I thought it'd be more...hospitable.
Kale: Well, it's abandoned, duh. No one would've renovated it. I doubt anyone even paid a visit in the past 10 years.
Phoeb: Suddenly this feels like a bad idea...Can we, like, turn around and leave...we still have time to run away.
Callisto: What, you're scared now? Come on! You gotta have some fun in life!
Phoeb: Haha...I value my life more so no thanks...
Phoeb attempts to make a break, but Dia catches her in time, preventing her from escaping.
Yuri: We've been standing here for the past 10 minutes, can we please go inside now?
Sam: Yeah, you're right! Let's not waste anymore time and head in.
Everyone enters the mansion
Scene 1
Everyone's a bit weary of the atmosphere inside. The place is dusty, with spider webs decorating the corners of the ceiling. The wallpaper on the walls is peeling off, and is a very dull colour. There's shattered glass on the floor, and broken wood planks lie in the corner. Random furniture is seen on the left, and there are stairs right in front of the group. There seems to be corridors leading to rooms on the left and right side of the stairs. They all start to head inside.
Dia: It's so dusty...
Callisto: Looks like the roof's still intact. At least that's a good sign so far.
Sam stamps on shattered glass, and pushes it aside with his boots, as if brushing it off to catch the attention of others.
Sam: It's dangerous to sleep here. There's broken glass scattered all over.
Kale: Let's find a place where we can sleep before it gets dark.
Something seems to have caught Yuri's attention, as she's pointing at something on the floor on the left side of the living room.
Yuri: There's a floor map here.
Everyone heads over to Yuri, and Yuri hands over the map to MC. The mansion layout is shown.
Sam: Let's split up and look around inside. Scout the area.
Phoeb: Huh?! Isn't that dangerous...And also, wouldn't the rooms be locked? 
Yuri: That's not a problem. There should be a set of keys in one of these rooms, my hunch is the office room. 
They point to the office room on the left, and Kale and MC enter the room along with Yuri. There are several keys hanging on the wall, just like Yuri speculated.
Yuri starts to take all the keys, but leaves just one set of keys which look different than the others.
Kale: What's this key here?
Yuri: I think that's the master key. We'd be in trouble if we lost that, so let's just leave it here.
Kale: I see, you're right.
They leave the room and regroup with the others in the living room. Yuri sets down the keys on the round table. 
Yuri: Here. Now we can look at the rooms. 
Everyone takes a key each, except MC.
Sam: Alright, let's look for a room we can use. 
Everyone: Okay!
Kale, Phoeb and Yuri head upstairs; while the others look for rooms on the ground floor. 
Something doesn't seem right.
Scene 2
A few minutes pass by.
Everyone starts to come back to the living room and shortly regroup after searching around. 
Callisto: So, find anything on your side?
Yuri: nods her head in disapproval
Dia: Mine had shards from a mirror everywhere. We won't be able to use it unless we clean it up. 
Callisto: I see. Mine was in a similar state as well. 
Phoeb: simply shrugs, as if agreeing
Callisto: Hey, Kale! Find anything?
Kale: Mine was fairly clean. We might be able to use it.
Dia: Nice! Looks like luck is on our side.
Yuri: Where's Sam?
Callisto: Is he still looking around? Whatever, let's go find him.
Phoeb: It's been too long, I hope nothing happened to him...
Kale: You're overly pessimistic, you know that? Nothing would've happened, so stop worrying so much.
Phoeb: If you say so.
They all go down the corridor to the right, where they've last seen Sam.
Callisto opens the first door, with caution. The room's empty and abandoned, in a similar state just as the rest of the ancient mansion. 
Callisto: reads the sign on the door, it says waiting room
Kale: Sam's not here huh.
They all move further into the corridor, and Callisto opens the second door of the next room. It's in a similar state as well-dusty and empty.
Callisto: Hmm. That's weird...
Dia: Are you sure he's not here? Maybe you didn't check properly.
Phoeb: I've got a bad feeling about this...
Kale: He should be in the next room, that guy deserves a beating for taking too long.
Callisto: hesitates
Yuri: doesn't say anything but is weary and nervous as well
As the group of friends (minus Sam) start to inch towards the end of the corridor, which leads to the last room, the atmosphere seems to grow tense, as if in a premonition. Technically nothing can go wrong with a bunch of adults who meet up as part of their reunion, right? 
Callisto: It won't open. The door's locked.
Phoeb: What should we do?
Yuri: I'll go get the master key.
Phoeb: Ah! Wait up, I'll come too.
Yuri and Phoeb head back to the office room to fetch the master key.
Shortly, the key is handed to Callisto, who's standing in front of the door. He inserts the key and turns it clockwise-once, twice. And back to the left. There's a click.
Callisto slowly grabs hold of the door knob and glances back at his friends, looking for a sign of confirmation. All he receives are doubtful nods. A signboard on the door hangs- “Staff Only-No unauthorised personnel allowed". Everyone seems to be on edge. The door creaks as it is being opened. Momentarily, there is darkness that fills the room-void.
Nothing.
And then, 
everything.
Scene 3
At first glance, it feels like nothing really happened. It's quiet, except for the sound of summer, filled with crickets and birds chirping. But the floor is a different story. A large body is found, lying lifeless-dead. Blood seems to decorate the carcass. There is a red backpack, and shattered glass sprawling on the ground, just like the rest of the mansion. Random age-old furniture is piled up on top of each other in the corner, nevertheless, they're not in focus right now. Because right next to that pile, a hand lies on the floor. A right hand to be specific. The owner of it is pretty obvious. The key it was holding lies next to it too, which was used to unlock the room where the crime scene took place.  
The group is dead silent. Unable to believe what their eyes are presenting. The scene seems way too surreal, something just like in a movie. Except, it's not. No. This feels real. There's no suspenseful music. Just the beginning of a foul smell that has started to develop. Time is slowing down and moving fast at the same time, as they began to scream in shock and terror.
Kale and Callisto ran towards a dead Sam and bent near him.
Kale: Sam!
Kale stumbles forward in an attempt to take a closer look, and his hand touches the pool of blood. He takes a look at his palm, previously a pale colour. But now, red.
Kale: B-BLOOD!
Phoeb: screams 
AHHHH!!!
Dia: gasps
This can't be...
Yuri remains silent. Shocked, but silent.
Dia: Uh...guys. I think you might want to take a look at this. O-Over there...!
Everyone's attention turns to where she's pointing her finger. 
Phoeb: A hand...his hand got c-cut off.
Callisto: Damn it, who would do this?!
Callisto then walks towards the locked window, and pries it open with great struggle. The lawn outside is filled with tall grass, overgrown. He looks around the room, and concludes there is no other way of entry to the scene. The door was locked when the group entered the room, the window was budged from the inside. It is impossible for someone to enter and exit the room given the conditions. But then, how did this happen?
Callisto: No way...
Yuri: Who do you think is the culprit?
Dia: Why would someone want to kill Sam, I'm pretty sure he did nothing wrong, to the point he ends up...
Kale: ...dead.
Yuri: I think it's best we go back to our rooms and calm down. 
Phoeb: Shouldn't we c-call the cops?
Callisto: There's no reception. We're in an abandoned building located deep in the forest.
Phoeb: Right...
Everyone reluctantly crawled back to their rooms. On the first floor- Dia heads to the control room; Callisto to the warehouse. On the second floor- Yuri heads back to the light equipment room; Kale to the store-room; and Phoeb to the audio room.
